well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
the March that I went to because
everybody keeps asking if you don't know
there was a march in the little town
near me surprise yeah me too
so to be clear and fully lay the scene
for you I live in North Florida in an
area that is affectionately known as
lower Alabama a small town here consists
of a population that is smaller than the
number of students at one of the high
schools I went to we're talking about a
small town and there's that image that
goes along with small southern towns
there's that stereotype and I felt a
little conflicted about it because I
know this community and generally
speaking you're talking about some good
people but there's that image there's
that stereotype and that's one of the
main reasons I went I wasn't worried
about law enforcement
I happen to be lucky in the fact that I
live in an area cops around here tend to
go by the spirit of the law more than
the letter of the law that alone reduces
use of force issues you know you don't
have a lot of those problems here so
I was really more concerned about the
community based on a stereotype that
conflicts with what I know about the
community but I went anyway
you know booted up and when I'm there
where everybody's meeting up for maybe
60 seconds before the cops show up I
think you got to be kidding me walks
over one cop walks over talks to the
organizer for maybe a minute and a half
walks away that's the entire interaction
with law enforcement throughout the
entire March
nobody produced shield Servat ons or
anything like that they didn't get out
of their cars and try to antagonize the
March in any way shape or form they were
around but they stayed back they didn't
assume an aggressive posture in fact
they blocked traffic at one point to
make it easier to cross the street but
they did not come close at any time the
businesses in the area one of them
donated bottled water as we would walk
by people would hang out the windows of
Drive thrus and clap
I saw a 65 70 year old woman throw her
fist in the air and look down white
woman mind you at first it was so out of
place
I actually thought she was being
sarcastic until she started clapping
cars driving by with honk and clap say
positive things the entire March which
was through about half the town
one person one solitary individual said
something that you did one out of
everybody we passed the March itself
black organized I would say maybe 60% of
the marchers were white and the people
that were there ran the spectrum from a
teacher to some college kids that came
home because something was happening in
their little town and drove back home
blue-collar workers there were a couple
people like me and I could tell by the
way they were dressed they were there
just in case conflict resolution skills
were needed so I think one of the big
takeaways here is maybe don't believe
stereotypes about your own group because
that's really one of the reasons I was
there I was worried about a community I
know a community that generally is full
of really good people and I was
expecting that stereotype you know deep
down most people are good the last few
years has brought the worst out of
people but deep down most people are
good and that was proven that was proven
so maybe we should take stock attack and
remember not to believe the media
stereotypes that they want us to believe
it's a new sound things have changed
the one image that I will never forget
was seeing a guy in cowboy boots cowboy
hat a belt buckle the size of my head
carrying a black lives matter sign
through the middle of a small southern
town
that was not something I really expected
to see but I did but I did for those
overseas this area of Florida it wasn't
that long ago that it was owned for
sundown towns if you don't know what
that doesn't look it up things are
changing in a positive way I know it's
not happening quickly and other problems
aren't solved if they were we wouldn't
be marching but they are changing they
are getting better people are waking up
to the realities so there's a little
hope in it nothing exciting but there
were some hope and I think we've got
enough excitement right now I hope maybe
what we need most anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night